Creating tables in case SQL works very similarly to creating streams.
The major difference is that when we create a table,
a key is used to uniquely identify the data.
Recall that a table is an aggregated view of our data.
It's non-infinite sequence of immutable data events like a stream.
As you can see to create a table,
we apply a table name as well as column names and their associated types.
We also use the width clause to specify the name of
the underlying Kafka topic as well as
the serialization format used to create the data in this topic.
Finally, you'll notice that we specified a key attribute.
The key attribute is required.
Specifying a key is used for when aggregates and joins are performed.
The key attribute helps clue in case SQL how to repartition topics.
Keys must be a varchar or strings.
Keys cannot be JSON or Avro values.
They have to be strings.
As in streams, you may also create table as select.
As you can see, we're saying again with this we're creating
a purchases high-value table as
select star from purchases where amount is greater than 100,000.
What's interesting about this is that we'll go
ahead and use the key of the purchases stream,
which in this case is username,
and it will keep the highest purchase for each one of our usernames.